RLP-1008 Updating readme and docs (#173)
anarancio/nifty-wallet: README.md

# RConnect Browser Extension

> RConnect is a browser extension to operate with RSK blockchain and Lumino Payments. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RConnect is a browser extension to operate with the RSK blockchain and the RIF Lumino Network. 
```

> It's a fork of the Metamask based wallet [Nifty Wallet](https://github.com/poanetwork/nifty-wallet).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's a fork of the Metamask-based wallet [Nifty Wallet](https://github.com/poanetwork/nifty-wallet).
```

> This wallet let you make payments using Lumino, manage your RNS domains and operate over RSK blockchain networks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This wallet lets you make payments using Lumino, manage your RNS domains and operate over RSK blockchain networks.
```

> This wallet let's you make payments using Lumino, also manage your RNS domains and operate over RSK blockchain networks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This wallet let you make payments using Lumino, manage your RNS domains and operate over RSK blockchain networks.
```

### How to use
You can use RConnect by simply adding a generated build of this plugin into your

> browser. How well first you need to build the plugin, for this you need to follow the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
browser. To do so you need to build the plugin first, and for this you need to follow the 
```

> steps under [How to build]() section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
steps under [How to build](#how-to-build) section.
```

After you successfully generate a build then you need to add that build to your browser,
you can do that following the steps depending on what browser are you working on:

* [Chrome](docs/add-to-chrome.md)
* [Firefox](docs/add-to-firefox.md)

### How to Build

 - Clone this repo if you didn't already
 - Install [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) version 10.x.x
   - If you are using [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm#installation) (recommended) running `nvm install 10` will automatically choose the right node version for you.
   - If you don't use nvm then you need to install npm globally: ```npm install -g npm@6.9.0```
 - Clone Lumino Light Client SDK from [here](https://github.com/rsksmart/lumino-light-client-sdk.git).

>    - The SDK repository folder needs to be at the same level as the rconnect folder in order to work properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - The SDK repository folder needs to be at the same level as the RConnect folder in order to work properly.
```

You can run the linter by itself with `gulp lint`.

## Architecture
RConnect Internal Architecture:

[![Architecture Diagram](./docs/architecture.png)][1]

RConnect General Architecture:

![General Diagram](./docs/general-rconnect-architecture.png)

## Build for Development

Execute this in the terminal:
```bash
npm install
npm start
```
After you see something like this the plugin is ready and watching changes.
```bash
[18:13:40] Starting 'manifest:chrome'...
[18:13:40] Finished 'manifest:chrome' after 24 ms
[18:13:40] Starting 'manifest:opera'...
[18:13:40] Finished 'manifest:opera' after 6.87 ms
[18:13:40] Finished 'dev:copy' after 51 s
[18:13:40] Finished 'dev:extension:js:ui' after 48 s
[18:13:40] Finished 'dev:extension:js' after 51 s
```

## Build for Publishing

> Execute this on terminal:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Execute this on a terminal:
```
